---
template: SinglePost
title: IN FULL DECLARATION
status: Published
date: '2020-05-16'
featuredImage: 'https://ucarecdn.com/1d276916-8fe8-4d9c-af7c-f3e5c0f69f35/'
excerpt: >
  Growing up, it came to me that I have never even fathomed how important it is
  to dream big and to keep dreaming when all else succeeds or fails. I have
  looked into the world as if I knew where I was going, listening to how my
  parents kept on feeding me with their appreciation and love, and that I can be
  whoever I want to be because I am capable.
meta:
  description: test meta description
  title: test meta title
---
I have long dreamt of reading my own work of art in poetry books, or in some magazines and websites, and grace people with my supposed-inspiring eloquence. I have long wanted to be like those that I look up to so much.

Perhaps I got too engrossed by my parents’ fairly-sweet belief and trust, affirming me of my potentials when they woke up to me scribbling and listening to Lea Salonga’s version of Tomorrow with those cassette tapes. Or when they thought I fell off bed when I was 2 years old and figured how I managed to peacefully settle in my own corner with Dr. Seuss.

Their words were so.. real.

Growing up, it came to me that I have never even fathomed how important it is to dream big, and to keep dreaming when all else succeeds, or fails. I have looked into the world as if I knew where I was going, listening to how my parents kept on feeding me with their appreciation and love, and that I can be whoever I want to be because I am capable.

I dearly dreamt of becoming a journalist. I thought I would look really cool. I thought I can really speak well. Then theatre. I felt for once, I was made to be my own kind of Les Miserable’s Eponine. I knew my life song was Abba’s Thank You For The Music (I didn’t know it was originally their’s, not until I saw it from a KTV song book) in the sweet voice of Lea Salonga.

Turns out, I haven’t done anything to turn all these into reality. I was always dreaming enough. I realized how my dreams were not that strong, or intense, or brave, to bring me to places. They were all in my head, left, and forgotten.

I have lived my life no longer believing on what my parents perceived me to be. I don’t know why. I don’t have time to figure out why. I was filled with yes’s but I turned everything to no’s. I wanted to blame them for not letting me take up journalism, but how can I when I am surprisingly full of joy, looking back on how I was able to meet passionate people who are of the same vision as I do, yet are able to embrace the joy of teaching. I was able to perform on stage with lead roles. I sang in front of a crowd with an instrument I did not imagine I could play.

How ungrateful of me to discredit the magnificent years I have lived, for the reason of not being able to turn these chunks of chances to definite realities?

Hence, this.

I want to start trusting my dreams now. I want to trust myself of more imperfections but lessons. Maybe I can get to read my words not in poetry books, magazines, or well-known websites — but at least, I have started writing not only in my enclosed and coward mind..

but elsewhere.

```

```
